Li Xiaoya and my dad have been together for a long time
Pardon me?
Don't you think my dad and Li Xiaoya are weird?
Joe? I don't know what you mean.
I'll go first
When are you going to deceive yourself?
So many young and beautiful women my dad doesn't choose
Why do I have to marry you?
He said it was because I was fit to live
My stepmother
You are so naive
There are more women who can live
My mom knows how to live better than you
My dad will marry you
He is for Li Xiaoya
I'm a conspiracy to integrate stinky, you know?
I might talk nonsense to you.
Aren't you scheduled for a day trip?
If you don't believe me
You go back now
Have a look.
You don't know if what I'm saying is true or false
Ah mom
Don't Call Me Mom
Why are you doing this to me?
Are you my daughter who was conceived in October?
Why are you seducing my man why